# 00017215
CW1_WT

According to the given task, I chose one of the local companies, "Imzo" glass and frame production company. Today it is one of the most famous companies in Uzbekistan. I created a web page similar to the web page of the "Imzo" company. The web page I created was designed more simply and contained basic sections. i.e. home page, about us, products, blog, where to buy, contact. In the main section, a slide is placed, that is, there will be news or exchange of products in the form of a picture, and it is a convenience for customers. and also a brief description of the company and the company's working process. In the about us section, information about the company, achievements and achievements of the company are briefly given. In the products section, the products available in the company and brief information about them are given. Customers can keep up to date with news in the blog section. In order to make it more convenient for customers, in the section where to buy, the company's offices, that is, their addresses, are shown on the map. People in all regions of Uzbekistan can find out the address of the offices of the signature company nearest to them. and finally, a form has been created for customers to leave an application in our contact department. it is convenient for both the customers and the company. you may not get an answer when you call. but if you leave an application, the company will contact you. Also, the web page I created does not contain all the information, but the codes are placed to redirect to the company's official web page.
